feat(compose): Support the Kotlin 2.4 compiler plugin (#1253)
getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## Unreleased

### Features

> - Add support for the Kotlin 2.4 compiler in the Compose tracing compiler plugin ([#1253](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin/pull/1253))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add support for Kotlin 2.4 in the Sentry compiler plugin ([#1253](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin/pull/1253))
```
compose tracing is a bit confusing i think

### Fixes

> - Compose tracing no longer adds the Sentry modifier multiple times for chained modifiers (e.g. `Modifier.fillMaxSize().padding()`) on Kotlin 2.2 and newer ([#1253](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin/pull/1253))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sentry compiler plugin no longer adds the Sentry modifier multiple times for chained modifiers (e.g. `Modifier.fillMaxSize().padding()`) on Kotlin 2.2 and newer ([#1253](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-android-gradle-plugin/pull/1253))
```
